Update Sensor API for new-style event pages (#12479)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/ambientlightsensor/index.md

- {{domxref('AmbientLightSensor.illuminance')}}
  - : Returns the current light level in [lux](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lux) of the ambient light level around the hosting device.

## Methods

_`AmbientLightSensor` doesn't have own methods. However, it inherits methods from its parent interfaces, {{domxref("Sensor")}} and {{domxref("EventTarget")}}._

## Events

> _`AmbientLightSensor` doesn't have own events. However, it inherits events from its parent interface, {{domxref('Sensor')}}._

Reviewer: This text sounds strange to me. I wonder if we should not speak about target here. Something like:
```suggestion
_`AmbientLightSensor` is not the target of specific events. However, it is the target of events aimed at its parent interface, {{domxref('Sensor')}}._
```

Not sure if it is good enough, though.

Author: Hm, these sentences are inconsistent throughout. Another version is 

"_No specific events; inherits events from its ancestor, {{domxref('Sensor')}}._"

Maybe that is better?

I would like to have something to use everywhere and maybe also to have it consistent with what is written for Properties and Methods.
